--- 
layout: page 
slide_id: 2 
---

<div class="row mt-xs-0 mt-sm-0 mt-md-1 mt-lg-2 mt-xl-3 mb-xs-2 mb-sm-2">

<div class="col-sm-12 col-xs-12 col-md-6 col-lg-6 col-xl-6 text-justify conference-text" markdown="1">

Call For Papers
([PDF](./CFPs/HotWeb2017-CFP.pdf),[TXT](./CFPs/HotWeb2017-CFP.txt),[BROCHURE](./CFPs/HotWeb2017-CFP-brochure.pdf))
{: .lead}

HotWeb is a forum that brings together researchers and practitioners
interested in the design, implementation, and evaluation of Web systems
and applications.

Sponsored by the ACM, the IEEE Computer Society, and the IEEE-CS
Technical Committee on the Internet, the workshop seeks to act as a
conduit for the presentation of novel approaches used in support of
performance, scalability, and security of Internet systems and
applications, including Web searching and indexing, content distribution
and delivery networks, Web services, online social networks, Web of
Things, mobile Web, and edge computing.

Particular areas of interest include, but are not limited to:

  - Web of Things (Internet of Things)
  - Applications
  - Caching and replication
  - Crowdsourcing Systems and Social Media
  - Data mining and analytics
  - Electronic commerce and monetization
  - Infrastructure: Datacenters, Content Delivery Networks, and Cloud
    Computing
  - Internet telephony
  - Measurement studies of deployed systems
  - Mobility and pervasive Web
  - Multimedia content distribution
  - Security and privacy
  - Social networks and graph analysis
  - Searching and Information Retrieval
  - Web/database integration

{% include contact-us.html %}

</div>

<div class="col-sm-12 col-xs-12 col-md-6 col-lg-6 col-xl-6 conference-text text-justify" markdown="1">

Papers describing timely research contributions in HotWeb's areas of
interest are solicited. Papers reporting on initial results as well as
papers discussing mature research projects or case studies of deployed
systems are sought out. Submissions describing big ideas that may have
significant impact and could lead to interesting discussions at the
workshop are encouraged.

Submitted papers must be neither previously published nor under review
by another workshop, conference or journal. Only electronic submissions
in PDF will be accepted. Submitted papers must be written in English,
must be no longer than 6 pages (minimum 10pt font), must render without
error using standard PDF viewing tools, must print on US-Letter-sized
paper, and must conform to the standard ACM Template.

At least one of the authors of each paper accepted for presentation in
HotWeb 2017 must register for the workshop.

All papers presented at the workshop will be included in the ACM Digital
Library.

**Important Dates**:

**Submission Deadline:** June 20, 2017

**Notification of Acceptance:** August 7, 2017

**Camera-ready Copy:** August 17, 2017

</div>

</div>
